Rui Yang: Andre from Msc. Information security programs, I will present my dissertation by turning large language models to learn representations of militias code.
Rui Yang: First, let's learn about some backgrounds. Andro. Ecosystems rapidly go under open resource, natural attack, cyberaging and malicious apps to it.
Rui Yang: The prestole apps remains malicious and frightening users privacy and device security static and
Rui Yang: dynamic analysts. Malaysia's
Rui Yang: save things. But there's limitation of it.
Rui Yang: The first patients in static analyze understandables, equations in dynamic and analyze and their performance issues.
Rui Yang: One of the solution is the machine learning, detection.
Rui Yang: traditional machine learning approaches in militia, coast detection increase. There are a lot
Rui Yang: tractic regressions and decision. Cheese
Rui Yang: random 4 ways as we am, and naive, yet pay. Yes.
Rui Yang: the the Wendish of it is that it can be tagged
Rui Yang: up firstly, shit.